alright so see what we have to deal with
meridia this is how it's gonna be pretty
much the whole time kind of sucks you
back up here again and then we'll be on
to the hard part this love is named
Mount Doom sure how about him sorry if
it's corny sorry that I started getting
up here apparently it's really best just
wait until at that that that spot right
there where it is now instead of trying
to rush for being a patient because
there's really no other time you can get
on that fish other than that position
right there oh there's something else to
point out must I obviously messed up
this jump right here you can wait for
that first crab to come back around
because obviously he gets to this point
you think I can use him here if you want
to
you will notice um on this run up the
mountain that I only use one crab the
next time I go up it i'll be using two
so if you want to see how to do it with
two it is easier I completely forgot
that you could use to until my second
time around but either way words you
should do is just a little bit faster
and easier at least for a little while
unfortunately this crap doesn't move
when he's off screen through the moment
he's off the screen pretty much he stops
moving and you really just have to inch
your way up here
um without falling off and leaving
yourself enough room to move while still
making sure this crab is following you
and that he's on screen there are a few
things you can do to make sure he stays
on screen or I guess not stays on but to
get him back on um you're ducking down
and whatnot if you do a jump and then
duck and roll the screen will move down
a little bit and that helps in getting
it back on the screen will notice here
that you can stand inside this cliff a
little bit but not too much or you'll be
forced down through the enemy like I
Western there typically the blocks are
square and any diagonal part of the clam
you stand in if you need to now this
part let make sure you kill these crabs
down here because they do hurt a lot and
if you're almost dead like I am
that's gonna be trouble for you go down
from here and it smells well kind of
slow playing it too but at least you'll
know how to do it now if you want i
suggest using a power button here just
once they all doesn't get in your way
believe it or not he takes away about an
entire energy tank so i want to run to
this these little things only hurt you
tip so a lot of big the OPA gated by
those but you want to conserve as much
energy as possible if you're low I don't
know this part here I take a long time
getting out I really don't need to it is
difficult though because you can't get
out of the quicksand without the gravity
suit unless you're in the little
waterfalls and that's the only way you
move upwards so you pretty much if you
try to jump out of the sand
in any other area you just sink down
farther so you kind of have to be
departing the quicksand and be but still
be in that little quicksand waterfall
you know what I mean same time and in
the corner this part here it's really
difficult to get out of the water you
have to be wall jumping pretty much as
fast as possible back and forth as soon
as you're able to you're pretty much
just pounding the left or right buttons
and jump buttons and hoping that you
make it out of here and catch yourself
jumping out as you see I kind of Miss
myself earlier and fell back in which
was frustrating but I got out soon
enough afterwards rocks something to
avoid here there are crumbling blogs
right there that I almost hit don't step
on those and then you need to do that
right there or if yourself into a ball
what you can do again doing the Hadouken
movement on the d-pad you'll notice
there that I bomb jumped I jumped up
once and then I hit a bomb at the peak
of my job there is a way to continually
bomb jump that way however I'm not very
good at its final plan here I just kind
of spam bomb that over to happen again
and should I give up on that
alright so that is unfortunately all we
have in this video to get and now we get
to start over again wonderful you'll
notice then won't I saw those right now
but in the next video if you want to
skip me climbing up that mountain again
with the crab and getting back to where
the quick sand pits were I have a place
where you can skip all that unless you
want to watch the double crab method of
getting up the mountain otherwise just
give all that save yourself a little bit
of time that's kind of tedious let's
necessary it's worth it I think doing
the lower norfair run is pretty awesome
something to note about these super
missile gates you can actually open them
from the other side but only if you're
on the right All Right see you next